Name: Hyphen

Inspired by: Nuclear Throne, Noita, and other roguelike games

Genre: Roguelike, Hack and Slash?

Gameplay: 
"Nothing makes sense,"
"and you're dying."
"Welcome to Hyphen."

Random is fun, yeah? What do you mean no?
Randomness is interesting, yeah?

the following are random ideas with randomness thrown into it

-Elements:
    We all know that Water extinguishes Fire, but what if it didn't?
    What if Water caused Fire to combust into bigger flames, or combust into more water instead?
    What if Water caused Fire to start spewing out Electricity from it?
    What if Water caused Fire to start exploding into rocks or ice shards?
    
    Essentially, the idea is that Elements (e.g: Fire, Water or whatever random shit) will have a defined rules (like how Fire burns you, and how Water makes you wet).
    However, the way the Elements interact with each other will be randomised on each new run. ;]
    Fun.
    
    Hey, what if enemies with certain Elements also interact with each other?
    One can dream.

now here's the no randomness stuff

Player is your average man who has two hands, two legs, a head, other stuff that humans have.
Player can only carry two weapons at a time.
Weapons have a two categories, Ranged and Melee.
Ranged weapons are used to, well, shoot enemies from afar or up close, and usually requires ammunition. (usually a gun or bow)
Melee weapons are used to handle enemies that are close by, but can also be thrown for style. (some require ammo)

If the Player has no weapons, they can resort to using the good ol' fists. (they suck though)
The Player can also dash to dodge enemy attacks. (might limit the dashes)
The Player can also deflect certain enemy projectiles with a melee weapon.

Plot:
"Darkness".
"The only thing that I can see."
"Some call it the void, but I call it home."
"Or at least... It WAS my home."
"I'm not sure what happened."
"All I saw was a bright flash of light."
"My body, now pressed against the battle armour that I used to don."
"Greeted with tremendous amounts of pain."
"It took awhile before I realised that I was back from the dead."
"My surrounding, now filled with reanimated corpse and lunatic creatures."
"The mountain that stood before me, flashes a bright light on the very top."
"On the summit, a God stared at me, in anger."
"Whatever this God is, it can't be doing something good."

"And I'm not taking any of its shit."

tl;dr: revived soldier is pissed at god and now wants god dead

Game Feel:
idk confusion?
